I am applying for financial aid because I am not able to pay for the certification of the course at this moment. I am still studying on my parents' income and some scholarship provided by Indian government and I do not have a job of my own . I can not ask my parents to pay for my further education including online courses. Taking this course will increase my job prospect and career options but I cannot afford the amount for the certification of the course. It would be a great help if you provide me the financial aid .
This course will take me further from small neural network to deep neural networks which will make me ready for next course of this Specialization. Till now neural networks are black box to me and this course will make us understand them and help in making deep learning applications. I really want to be  a part of this course and Specialization taught by Dr. Andrew Ng. whose Machine Learning Specialization I completed. This course will make a huge impact on my career and I wish to get enrolled in the course as soon as this application gets approved.

Thank You.

Taking this course will help me achieve my career goals as it will increase my job prospects by boosting my resume and will give me an upper hand over my competitors. Not only this, but the course also promises to teach deep neural networks and how to build deep learning application with implementation in Tensorflow. 
This Specialization and this course is different from the others that I have previously been enrolled into as there are practice exercises also in it will check our understanding of the topics before moving to the quizzes. The three weeks of this course will make me  able to effectively use common neural network tricks including initialization , L2 and dropout regularization and to implement and apply a variety of optimization algorithms and by then neural networks will no longer be a black box to me .
The course will also provide me the opportunity to interact with other learners from different countries and hopefully from my country too and with my favourite instructor Dr. Andrew Ng. I will actively participate in discussion forums and will complete all the assignments and quizzes on or before the deadline.

Thank You.